Git Lab Tutorials completed on 10/06/2020.
GitHub account created around 04/01/2018 (rough estimate).

1)	On branch master
		Your branch is up to date with 'origin/master'.

		nothing to commit, working tree clean

2) 	There have been 9 commits total
		command used: git rev-list --all --count

3)	Tue Oct 6 20:30:40 2020
		command used: git log

4) Two reasons branches are used:
		1. 	To always have a copy of the master (base code) in case
				something goes wrong in another branch.
		2.	If the client likes an implementation of an earlier
				version of the program, we can always grab the older
				code of that program from another branch.

5)	git log would show a history of commits of the repository.
		git status, on the other hand, shows the status of your local
		working tree compared to the remote one.

6) 	One way to see if "Vehicle.h" was one of the committed files
		before pushing, is using git status.

7)	Use git log --all --grep='file' to see the commits whose
		commit message contains the word "file".

8)	I.		Inheritance is when a class is derived from another class
					for a hierarchy of classes that share a set of attributes
					and methods.
		II.		Polymorphism is when objects of different types can be
					accessed through the same interface.
		III.	Encapsulation is the idea of bundling data and methods
					that work on that data within one unit (such as a class).

9)	The main difference between the workflows is that in the
		integration manager workflow the developers push changes
		to their own public repository while developers in the
		other workflow push changes straight to a lieutenant
		repository.

10)	The Dictator and Lieutenant workflow would be better for a
		larger team because individual developers would not have to
	 	to resolve any conflicts before merging themselves. The Lieutenant
		and Dictator repositories would do that for them. Trying to
		collaborate with 100 other developers to figure out the merge
		conflicts with the Centralized Workflow would be a large waste
		of time. The Dictator and Lieutenant workflow would be better.
